Oh
me
hey
yes
Oh
told you
um this term it was actually the i think
is the second largest turn under the
Nationals I was looking forward it's a
lot of digging a little nervous you know
but in the end I think I did my best and
I'm glad and out the way it did being a
champion um first off I like take my
orange juice Christ you know without him
I couldn't be able to do anything being
a champion however i think it is not
just about Wayne is about helping your
team being there for it and not just
being uh not just being cocky and you
know what I mean talk about the
like you were going to pin the guy um he
had gotten a cradle and he rolled over
and just stopped I I mean he's a good
wrestler I do respect him and I I look
forward to meeting him in the finals
possibly another tournament but he did
almost get me and I mean I'm glad I was
in let go before it turned out to be
worse how does this build your
confidence I I mean as a freshman
winning this and that this is a great
experience I think I've learned a lot
and I am actually I really would like to
do good nationals that is my goal to win
nationals